>> Jon Kuperan: We're gonna get started
with a little bit of interactivity.
I always like to do my workshops with like
a lot of interaction cuz I just feel like
it sticks a lot better.
So I have this project .bag
github.com/jkup/learn-a11y.
A couple of things, so
yeah one that I didn't cover is
since accessibility is a really long
word it often gets abbreviated as a11y or
ally, it can be referred to.
That was a small thing.
The other one is that, so
this project doesn't require any server or
anything like that.
So if you're not a Git user, you can just
download it as a zip from that link, and
it's just some HTML files.
So you can just open
the index.html with your browser,
you don't need to have any terminal,
nothing running.
And also throughout these activities,
there's gonna be challenges,
but don't worry about an elegant, or
like, functional programming
solution to these challenges.
We're really trying to focus on the user
here, so jQuery's included on every page,
and I would just like as you're working on
it, just do whatever it to get working.
And then also I always to encourage
people to pair up and work together or
do chit chat about things.
If you go to the site, learn ally,
download the zip or git clone it,
you'll see a main index .HTML and
you can open that up and
it's got a page that looks like my slides,
which is awesome.
Anyway, and it's got an exercise on
the very first one, keyboard navigation.
And so these are the two things
that we're gonna work on is that,
we've got a form at the bottom which
can't be submitted with a keyboard.
So we're gonna try to
look into why that is.
And also there's no skip links so
we're gonna try to implement that skip
link concept that we talked about earlier.
>> Speaker 2: Another
question.
>> Jon Kuperan: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Ben is asking,
regarding focus event
listeners in JavaScript,
any opinions on which interactioned events
should trigger form input validation and
user feedback.
>> Jon Kuperan: Yeah.
That's really good.
So we have a form right?
And we want to do some things like front
end validation or any kind of feedback.
There's a couple of approaches there.
I think that one thing that you could do,
it's interesting.
So as far as feedback, I think it depends
on what order you want it to come in.
So if you have feedback
that should be given before
the user starts filling it out, like if it
says name, but you really need first and
last name, or something like that.
I think doing an on focus would be good.
That input element when it's focused.
>> Jon Kuperan: Say something.
As far as validation goes,
yeah, it's a little bit tricky.
I mean you could do some form
of validation on key up or
something like that.
You could even put it in a set time out,
maybe.
So as they're typing, you're validating or
as they stop typing, you're validating.
I think a common approach that I see
is like a set time out that runs and
is checking for when the user stops
typing and does some validation.
You could also do an on leave event,
so when they leave that one,
give them some validation.
I think the thing I'd worry about with
leaving is that it might be a little
bit annoying, so you type in your name and
then you go to the next one and
it's like hey go back,
it's telling you to go back up, so
maybe the time out would be nice for that.
I think it really depends on the use case.
Is it a good piece of information for
them to know before they go in?
Another thing which we're gonna
talk about in depth is some
of the cool stuff you can do with aria
labels which we'll get into later.
But that might be a really good
place to put a good idea of
what's required of that form field, and
what the validation is going to be.
And a label that would get
read by screen readers.
So yeah.
We'll cover a little bit of that, but
I think, yeah.
I guess if it's,
if it's needed before you fill out ID,
to put it into a label or
in an unfocused event.
And then I would probably just
have a listener going for
when they stop typing and
do validation that way.